# ComputerLaboratory3
Savitribai Phule Pune University - Final Year of Computer Engineering - Programming Assignments for Computer Laboratory 3 - Software Design Methodology and Testing &amp; Cloud Computing

This repository contains my assignments for computer laboratory 3 which consists of:
A1 - Using Divide and Conquer Strategies and object-oriented software design technique using Modelio to design a software function for Binary Search for an unordered data stored in memory. Use necessary USE-CASE diagrams and justify its us with the help of mathematical modeling and related efficiency. Implement the design using Eclipse C++ or python.
A2 - Using Divide and Conquer Strategies to design an efficient class for Concurrent Quick Sort and the input data is stored using XML. Use object oriented software design method and Modelio/ StarUML2.x Tool. Use necessary USE-CASE diagrams and justify its use with the help of mathematical modeling. Implement the design using Scala/ Python/Java/C++.
A3 - A Web Tool for Booth's multiplication algorithm is used to multiply two numbers located in distributed environment. Use software design client-server architecture and principles for dynamic programming. Perform Risk Analysis. Implement the design using HTML-5/Scala/ Python/Java/C++/ Rubi on Rails. Perform Positive and Negative testing. Use latest open source software modeling, Designing and testing tool/Scrum-it/KADOS and Camel.
A4 - In an embedded system application Dining Philosopher's problem algorithm is used to design a software that uses shared memory between neighboring processes to consume the data. The Data is generated by different Sensors/WSN system Network and stored in MOngoDB (NoSQL). Implementation be done using Scala/ Python/ C++/ Java. Design using Client-Server architecture. Perform Reliability Testing. Use latest open source software modeling, Designing and testing tool/Scrum-it/KADOS, NoSQLUnit and Camel.
A5 - A Mobile App for Calculator having Trigonometry functionality is to be designed and tested. The data storage uses 1.text les, 2. XML Use latest open source software modeling, Designing and testing tool/ Scrum-it. Implement the design using HTML-5/Scala/ Python/Java/C++/Rubi on Rails. Perform Positive and Negative testing.
A6 - Install following Cloud Simulators/Tools and frame suitable assignments to demonstarte its use: CloudSim, CloudAnalyst, GreenCloud/Docker, iCanCloud/IBM Smart Cloud, GDCSim/SPECI, MDCSim/ NetworkCloudSim.
B1 - 8-Queens Matrix is Stored using JSON/XML having first Queen placed, use back-tracking to place remaining Queens to generate final 8-queen's Matrix using Python.
B2 - A Web application for Concurrent implementation of ODD-EVEN SORT is to be designed using Real time Object Oriented Modeling(ROOM). Give the necessary design diagrams and write the test cases for the white box testing. Draw Concurrent collaboration Diagrams.
B3 - Mobile App needs to be designed for using calculator (+,-,*,/,sin , cos,sq-root) with memory save /recall using extended precision floating point format. Give required modelling design and positive ,negative test cases.
B4 - Execute atleast three command related to the Storage organization of the cloud; Create necessary GUI using Python.
C1 - Installation of Open source Cloud Infrastructure.
C2 - Perform a suitable assignment using Xen Hypervisor or equivalent open source to configure it. Give necessary GUI.
C5 - Create a VM depending on the user requirements.
